"list-database-parameters"
**************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Gets the list of database parameters for the specified Managed
Database. The parameters are listed in alphabetical order, along with
their current values.


Usage
=====

   oci database-management managed-database list-database-parameters [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--managed-database-id [text]

The OCID of the Managed Database.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-allowed-values-included [boolean]

When true, results include a list of valid values for parameters (if
applicable).

--name [text]

A filter to return all parameters that have the text given in their
names.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort information by. Only one sortOrder can be used. The
default sort order for *NAME* is ascending and it is case-sensitive.

Accepted values are:

   NAME

--sort-order [text]

The option to sort information in ascending (‘ASC’) or descending
(‘DESC’) order.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--source [text]

The source used to list database parameters. *CURRENT* is used to get
the database parameters that are currently in effect for the database
instance. *SPFILE* is used to list parameters from the server
parameter file. Default is *CURRENT*.

Accepted values are:

   CURRENT, SPFILE


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
