setup.py
spotii/__init__.py
spotii/__main__.py
spotii/define.py
spotii/emit.py
spotii/multi_inherit.py
spotii/mythread.py
spotii.egg-info/PKG-INFO
spotii.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
spotii.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
spotii.egg-info/entry_points.txt
spotii.egg-info/top_level.txt
spotii/communication/__init__.py
spotii/communication/communication.py
spotii/communication/image_post.py
spotii/communication/ln_web.py
spotii/communication/send_result.py
spotii/communication/sign_in.py
spotii/guifolder/__init__.py
spotii/guifolder/gui.py
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/spot-slot-empty.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/detecting/detecting 1.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/detecting/detecting 2.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/detecting/detecting 3.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/detecting/detecting 4.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/detecting/detecting 5.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/invalid/invalid - 1.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/invalid/invalid - 2.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/invalid/invalid - 3.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/invalid/invalid - 4.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/invalid/invalid - 5.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/negative/negative - 1.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/negative/negative - 2.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/negative/negative - 3.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/negative/negative - 4.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/negative/negative - 5.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/positive/detecting - positive 1.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/positive/detecting - positive 2.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/positive/detecting - positive 3.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/positive/detecting - positive 4.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/positive/detecting - positive 5.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/warning/warning - 1.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/warning/warning - 2.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/warning/warning - 3.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/warning/warning - 4.png
spotii/guifolder/png/slot/warning/warning - 5.png
spotii/guifolder/png/title/logo.png
spotii/guifolder/png/title/rectangle.png
spotii/guifolder/png/title/spot-icons-bluetooth-active.png
spotii/guifolder/png/title/spot-icons-bluetooth-inactive.png
spotii/guifolder/png/title/spot-icons-calendar-active.png
spotii/guifolder/png/title/spot-icons-calendar-inactive.png
spotii/guifolder/png/title/spot-icons-help-active.png
spotii/guifolder/png/title/spot-icons-help-inactive.png
spotii/guifolder/png/title/spot-icons-settings-inactive.png
spotii/guifolder/png/title/spot-icons-sound-active.png
spotii/guifolder/png/title/spot-icons-sound-inactive.png
spotii/guifolder/png/title/spot-icons-wifi-active.png
spotii/guifolder/png/title/spot-icons-wifi-inactive.png
spotii/img/flag.txt
spotii/launcher/chk_sum.md5
spotii/launcher/launcher.py
spotii/launcher/spotii.sh
spotii/launcher/spotii_launcher.py
spotii/on_off/__init__.py
spotii/on_off/mainboard_pio.py
spotii/on_off/on_off.py
spotii/test_handler/__init__.py
spotii/test_handler/calibration.py
spotii/test_handler/cassette_polling.py
spotii/test_handler/i2c_lib.py
spotii/test_handler/take_photo.py
spotii/test_handler/test_chip_handler.py